wow what is in this
yeah tempest yeah yeah 10 piece of what
let's just look at the depth of this
bucket that bag
is bigger than penelope do you feel a
little bit sick
hi hello today's video is going to be a
challenge one i haven't done one of
these in the longest time i'm actually
going to say like
maybe over a year which is just terrible
these are the
funnest and definitely awkwardest videos
to film
i asked over on my instagram what you
would like to see next in terms of like
a challenge vid
and the most popular response was
letting the person in front of you
decide what you eat for 24 hours so
that's exactly what we're gonna do today
i have actually done one of these videos
before but like i say it was ages ago
and
all i remember it being was just like
just the most awkward like pain for the
awkwardness thing first stop
is of course gonna be a mcdonald's drive
through like
it would be rude not to i haven't been
there in months actually i haven't had
mcdonald's in
so long before we do anything if you
could hit this video with a like
really helps and supports my channel
have completely missed the mcdonald's
breakfast so it's going to be the lunch
menu which i actually i'm not mad about
the only thing is i have got like
i've got butterflies right now i
remember last time
just how awkward some of
these moments are like if you saw my
last video i did a starbucks mukbang
like q a
and um i managed to like drop my coffee
like
just getting it out from the window to
my car
so god help me right now all right we're
going home
okay thank you today hi um yeah can i
just get
what um the person in front ordered
please
sorry could i just get what the person
in front ordered
please two double keys forever then i'll
point zero
yep that's fine check the three in front
see them oh she was
lovely you know what i think after this
first one it won't
feel as awkward i'm hoping or at least
i'm gonna tell myself that i think it's
just a couple who ordered that
hi thank you i got
two double cheeseburgers a coke zero
so they must have been shown it was like
a couple that were in
a ford festival faster a ford fiesta in
front of me
445 calories per double cheeseburger
i coat zero like i'm actually really
thirsty so this is good
but donna's coke zero definitely hits
different than like any other
diet coke just so much nicer i think
they're in tomato ketchup i wouldn't not
choose cheeseburger but i always go
i really like the fillet of fish
i've got gherkin in there what is in
this
[Music]
it's my ketchup a gherkin
a little bit cold
right yeah it's exactly the same
the only thing i'd say with a double
cheeseburger is they don't keep you full
for very long and um
i would never get a burger without the
chips i feel like you know they just go
together don't they like you can't get
one
without the other but thank god it had
some like ketchup on it or something
else that had been really dry it was a
little bit cold i wasn't too impressed
with the mcdonald's for like brunch kind
of thing
kfc that's quite close i feel like let's
just give this a go
just seen some like builder work workmen
people so i'm gonna go in behind them
that mcdonald's order was so small kfc
quite like the popcorn chicken but i
haven't been
in years i don't know if there's like
one
two or three maybe four or five people
in a van pick up thing in front of
please
hi yeah could i just um get whatever the
person in front orders please
oh sorry could i just get whatever the
person in front ordered
please yeah is it a big or sort of small
order
yes
okay maybe this is like a normal request
you know if you're someone who's bitten
decisive
it makes sense doesn't it really just
just you know go just
mix things up i guess
thank you when i attached my phone like
i whacked it down i didn't mean to do
that it was a bit awkward
13 pounds 99 10 bar bucket oh
like i'm shaking a bit i don't know why
what i mean by the way
about the price yeah temperatures yeah
yeah 10 10 piece of what
you guys want to know oh my god that is
massive oh
thank you
all right okay i could probably fit that
through my car window
we rather didn't get a drink can confirm
the kfc box is
bigger than like my torso do you know
that justin timberlake song they're like
oh
she wants it that one i've done this a
few times recently you know when you
review
lyrics of like childhood songs and you
think oh my god like
that's not okay i shed one of those
moments
that bag is bigger than penelope let's
have a look in here
oh so hella barbecue sauce love that
tomato ketchup this is not a 10 000
calorie challenge
like if i ate all this can you imagine
like smells
delightful one two three
four flipping things over
chips
kfc chips are really good actually
let's just look at the depth of this
bucket
mason's gonna love this
nice but really greasy
[Music]
like the grease on my fingers right now
i'm a big fan of the kfc chips
i don't know how people can eat that
actually like my stomach feels a bit
dodge
the car behind me just like pulled up at
the side of me and
just didn't want to make that eye
contact so we got a quick change
and i've hopped back in the car i put
like a liter top on
just because i'm feeling a bit bloated
come to this caster dry fit i haven't
actually been to this one before
oh it's five past four like my cut of
time if i have coffee like past half
four
i don't end up sleeping all night so a
pumpkin spice
latte would be really nice it's quite
bougie no
the costa drive through like the
lighting stuff
it's got a really nice feel what can i
get for you
hi um please could i just have what the
person um
before me ordered exactly the same
yes please yeah okay do you want to know
what it was or
uh oh surprise me it's all right okay
thank you oh how sweet yeah sorry when
i've watched some other videos like
i feel like people had some like really
i don't know people were like some of
the cashiers
were a bit funny with them whereas
everyone today just been so sweet and
like not really
asked twice they've got like this gold
machine that passes you your stuff
thanks tomato primary milk
thanks a lot youtube so the lady who was
in front of me is just parked behind me
so we've got
a tomato and mozzarella panini and
americano and milk small decaf
i was literally just saying how like i
didn't want to have like caffeine right
now but i'm definitely
not a decaf kind of gal but i'm open to
trying it
panini smells so good but more fancy and
something sweet now
and smells like a pizza
mmm bread that mouthful was just bread
with a bit of cheese
and it's absolutely scorching hot
like low-key gutted though i was really
hoping i was gonna get some sort of like
pumpkin whipped cream like sweetness
goodness
through and through more of a sweet
person there i'm savory
minimal tomato just like little tiny
chunks
really want something sweet and i feel
like krispy kreme is guaranteed sweet
sound of the window going down now
can i just have um whatever the person
before me ordered
please could i just get whatever the
person
before me ordered please
oh sorry um could i just get whatever
the person before me ordered please
whatever the person in front order yes
please
yeah no that's it thanks
thank you there's a little microphone at
those things i think it's because i
parked really far away
hi you're right yeah are you going to be
doing us in the same box
yeah that's fine yeah in the same box
nuts in the same box that's why
yeah that's fine 12.95 please
thank you thank you have a nice day
how cute was she oh what a little angel
yeah you can't go wrong with these
donuts we've got a massive mixture but
so 12 pound 95 for the share a dozen wow
how amazing do they look this sort of
strawberry one i've never actually had
this or anything
oh it's like a strawberry jam
um
i like the look of this oreo one as well
[Music]
i think i've had this one before it's
got the white chocolate and then it's
like a biscoff
[Music]
oh my goodness have a little nap right
now i'm just drinking this
decaf coffee actually doesn't taste too
bad to be creamed donuts there's just
nothing nicer like they tasted so
well they taste so fresh i don't know
what on earth i'm gonna do the rest of
them
today has been actually so varied hasn't
it ultimate
greasy fried chicken to a decaf coffee
favorite thing of the day has got to be
the krispy kreme
do you feel a little bit sick i really
hope you enjoyed this video something a
little bit different
do let me know what other like
challenges you'd like me to do i did
have
a few messages about doing the 10 000
calorie challenge let me know in the
comments down below and also if you
haven't already i'd love to stick around
by subscribing to my channel
and i'll see you guys in the next video